If you love yourself, someone's going to
love you, too. Cuz we are monkeys and
monkey see monkey do. If you love
yourself, someone's going to love you,
too. We are monkeys and monkey see
monkey do. If you love yourself,
someone's going to love you, too. Cuz we
are monkeys and monkey see monkey do.
[Music]
All right.
Hooray.
[Music]
Show your big
night. Show your big piece.
Heat.
[Music]
I know I need you sometimes.
All right. All right. I see you tonight.
See you soon.
You took what
I see.
I see you. If you love yourself,
someone's going to love you, too. Cuz we
are monkeys and monkey see monkey do. If
you love yourself, someone's going to
love you, too. Cuz we are monkeys and
monkey see monkey do.
[Music]
I want to do one more.
I guess
[Music]
baby baby.
Right. Right.
[Music]
Did you get it? Hey, you got my phone.
All right.